.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Contributor Agreement
A pull-request will only be considered for merging into the upstream codebase after you have signed our [contributor agreement](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/blob/master/Contributor-Agreement.md), assigning us the rights to the contributed code and granting you a license to use it in return. If you submit a pull request, you will be prompted to review and sign the agreement with one click (we use [CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/)).

## Commit messages

Commit messages must follow the [Angular-style](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-message-format) commit format (but excluding the scope).

i.e:

```text
fix: minified scripts being removed

Also includes tests
```

This will allow for the automatic changelog to generate correctly.

### Commit types

Must be one of the following:

* **feat**: A new feature
* **fix**: A bug fix
* **docs**: Documentation only changes
* **test**: Adding missing tests
* **chore**: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generation
* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
* **perf**: A code change that improves performance

To release a major you need to add `BREAKING CHANGE: ` to the start of the body and the detail of the breaking change.

## Code standards

Ensure that your code adheres to the included `.eslintrc` config by running `npm run lint`.

## Sending pull requests

- new command line options are generally discouraged unless there's a *really* good reason
- add tests for newly added code (and try to mirror directory and file structure if possible)
- spell check
- PRs will not be code reviewed unless all tests are passing

*Important:* when fixing a bug, please commit a **failing test** first so that Travis CI (or I can) can show the code failing. Once that commit is in place, then commit the bug fix, so that we can test *before* and *after*.

Remember that you're developing for multiple platforms and versions of node, so if the tests pass on your Mac or Linux or Windows machine, it *may* not pass elsewhere.

Commit message:

docs: update contributing for current workflow
Separated "Sending PR" steps from "Making Changes".
Added notice to avoid breaking changes.
Mentioned Prettier for coding standards.
We do use "scope" in commits sometimes now.

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Contributor Agreement

A pull-request will only be considered for merging into the upstream codebase after you have signed our [contributor agreement](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/blob/master/Contributor-Agreement.md), assigning us the rights to the contributed code and granting you a license to use it in return. If you submit a pull request, you will be prompted to review and sign the agreement with one click (we use [CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/)).

## Making Changes

- Add tests for newly added code.
  - Write new test suites in Jest. Depending on the type of test, place them in either `./test/jest/unit` or `./test/jest/acceptance`.
  - Try to mirror directory and file structure if possible.
  - Use the automated checks on your PR to make sure it works on different platforms and versions.
- Ensure that your code adheres to the project's ESLint and Prettier configuration.
  - You can check by using `npm run lint` and `npm run format` respectively.
- Avoid making any breaking changes. Preserve existing functionality. If you really need to, discuss it with us beforehand.
- New command line options are discouraged. If you really need one, please discuss it with us beforehand.

## Commit Messages

Commit messages must follow the [Angular-style](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit-message-format) commit format.

i.e:

```text
fix: minified scripts being removed

Also added a test to ensure these scripts exist after a build.
```

This will allow for the automatic changelog to generate correctly.

### Commit Types

Must be one of the following:

* **feat**: A new feature
* **fix**: A bug fix
* **docs**: Documentation only changes
* **test**: Adding missing tests
* **chore**: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generation
* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
* **perf**: A code change that improves performance

To release a major you need to add `BREAKING CHANGE: ` to the start of the body and the detail of the breaking change. But again, avoid making any breaking changes.

## Sending Pull Requests

- If the PR is not ready for review, create a Draft PR.
- Proof-read your changes.
  - Make sure there aren't any spelling or typing errors.
  - Remove irrelevant changes like formatting an unrelated file.
- Clearly explain your reasoning behind each change, provide context using links and documentation where needed.
- PRs will not be reviewed unless all tests are passing.
