help/commands-docs/_SNYK_COMMAND_OPTIONS.md, before:

## OPTIONS

To see command-specific flags and usage, see `help` command, e.g. `snyk container --help`.
For advanced usage, we offer language and context specific flags, listed further down this document.

- `--all-projects`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Auto-detect all projects in working directory

- `--detection-depth`=<DEPTH>:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Use with --all-projects or --yarn-workspaces to indicate how many sub-directories to search. `DEPTH` must be a number.

  Default: 4 (the current working directory and 3 sub-directories)

- `--exclude`=<DIRECTORY>[,<DIRECTORY>]...>:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Can be used with --all-projects and --yarn-workspaces to indicate sub-directories and files to exclude. Must be comma separated.

  If using with `--detection-depth` exclude ignores directories at any level deep.

- `--prune-repeated-subdependencies`, `-p`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Prune dependency trees, removing duplicate sub-dependencies.
  Will still find all vulnerabilities, but potentially not all of the vulnerable paths.

- `--print-deps`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Print the dependency tree before sending it for analysis.

- `--remote-repo-url`=<URL>:
  Set or override the remote URL for the repository that you would like to monitor.

- `--dev`:
  Include development-only dependencies. Applicable only for some package managers. E.g. _devDependencies_ in npm or _:development_ dependencies in Gemfile.

  Default: scan only production dependencies

- `--org`=<ORG_NAME>:
  Specify the <ORG_NAME> to run Snyk commands tied to a specific organization. This will influence where will new projects be created after running `monitor` command, some features availability and private tests limits.
  If you have multiple organizations, you can set a default from the CLI using:

  `$ snyk config set org`=<ORG_NAME>

  Setting a default will ensure all newly monitored projects will be created
  under your default organization. If you need to override the default, you can use the `--org`=<ORG_NAME> argument.

  Default: uses <ORG_NAME> that sets as default in your [Account settings](https://app.snyk.io/account)

- `--file`=<FILE>:
  Sets a package file.

  When testing locally or monitoring a project, you can specify the file that Snyk should inspect for package information. When ommitted Snyk will try to detect the appropriate file for your project.

- `--ignore-policy`:
  Ignores all set policies. The current policy in `.snyk` file, Org level ignores and the project policy on snyk.io.

- `--trust-policies`:
  Applies and uses ignore rules from your dependencies' Snyk policies, otherwise ignore policies are only shown as a suggestion.

- `--show-vulnerable-paths`=none|some|all:
  Display the dependency paths from the top level dependencies, down to the vulnerable packages. Doesn't affect output when using JSON `--json` output.

  Default: <some> (a few example paths shown)
  <false> is an alias for <none>.

- `--project-name`=<PROJECT_NAME>:
  Specify a custom Snyk project name.

- `--target-reference`=<TARGET_REFERENCE>:
  A reference to separate this project from other scans of the same project. For example, a branch name or version. Projects using the same reference can be used for grouping. [More information](https://snyk.info/3B0vTPs).

- `--project-environment`=<ENVIRONMENT>[,<ENVIRONMENT>]...>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  Set the project environment to one or more values (comma-separated). Allowed values: frontend, backend, internal, external, mobile, saas, onprem, hosted, distributed

- `--project-lifecycle`=<LIFECYCLE>[,<LIFECYCLE>]...>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  Set the project lifecycle to one or more values (comma-separated). Allowed values: production, development, sandbox

- `--project-business-criticality`=<BUSINESS_CRITICALITY>[,<BUSINESS_CRITICALITY>]...>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  Set the project business criticality to one or more values (comma-separated). Allowed values: critical, high, medium, low

- `--project-tags`=<TAG>[,<TAG>]...>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  Set the project tags to one or more values (comma-separated key value pairs with an "=" separator). e.g. --project-tags=department=finance,team=alpha

- `--tags`=<TAG>[,<TAG>]...>:
  This is an alias for --project-tags.

- `--policy-path`=<PATH_TO_POLICY_FILE>`:
  Manually pass a path to a snyk policy file.

- `--json`:
  Prints results in JSON format.

- `--json-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in JSON format directly to the specified file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--json` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the JSON format output to a file.

- `--sarif`:
  Return results in SARIF format.

- `--sarif-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in SARIF format directly to the <OUTPUT_FILE_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.

- `--severity-threshold`=low|medium|high|critical:
  Only report vulnerabilities of provided level or higher.

- `--fail-on`=all|upgradable|patchable:
  Only fail when there are vulnerabilities that can be fixed.

  <all> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be either upgraded or patched.
  <upgradable> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be upgraded.
  <patchable> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be patched.

  If vulnerabilities do not have a fix and this option is being used, tests will pass.

- `--dry-run`:
  (only in `protect` command)
  Don't apply updates or patches during `protect` command run.

- `--` \[<COMPILER_OPTIONS>\]:
  Pass extra arguments directly to Gradle or Maven.
  E.g. `snyk test -- --build-cache`

Below are flags that are influencing CLI behavior for specific projects, languages and contexts:

### Maven options

- `--scan-all-unmanaged`:
  Auto detects maven jars, aars, and wars in given directory. Individual testing can be done with `--file`=<JAR_FILE_NAME>

- `--reachable`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Analyze your source code to find which vulnerable
  functions and packages are called.

- `--reachable-timeout`=<TIMEOUT>:
  The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for Snyk to gather reachability data. If it takes longer than <TIMEOUT>, Reachable Vulnerabilities are not reported. This does not affect regular test or monitor output.

  Default: 300 (5 minutes).

### Gradle options

[More information about Gradle CLI options](https://snyk.co/ucT6P)

- `--sub-project`=<NAME>, `--gradle-sub-project`=<NAME>:
  For Gradle "multi project" configurations, test a specific sub-project.

- `--all-sub-projects`:
  For "multi project" configurations, test all sub-projects.

- `--configuration-matching`=<CONFIGURATION_REGEX>:
  Resolve dependencies using only configuration(s) that match the provided Java regular expression, e.g. `^releaseRuntimeClasspath$`.

- `--configuration-attributes`=<ATTRIBUTE>[,<ATTRIBUTE>]...:
  Select certain values of configuration attributes to resolve the dependencies. E.g. `buildtype:release,usage:java-runtime`

- `--reachable`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Analyze your source code to find which vulnerable
  functions and packages are called.

- `--reachable-timeout`=<TIMEOUT>:
  The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for Snyk to gather reachability data. If it takes longer than <TIMEOUT>, Reachable Vulnerabilities are not reported. This does not affect regular test or monitor output.

  Default: 300 (5 minutes).

- `--init-script`=<FILE>
  For projects that contain a gradle initialization script.

### .Net & NuGet options

- `--assets-project-name`:
  When monitoring a .NET project using NuGet `PackageReference` use the project name in project.assets.json, if found.

- `--packages-folder`:
  Custom path to packages folder

- `--project-name-prefix`=<PREFIX_STRING>:
  When monitoring a .NET project, use this flag to add a custom prefix to the name of files inside a project along with any desired separators, e.g. `snyk monitor --file=my-project.sln --project-name-prefix=my-group/`. This is useful when you have multiple projects with the same name in other sln files.

### npm options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: true

### Yarn options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: true

- `--yarn-workspaces`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Detect and scan yarn workspaces. You can specify how many sub-directories to search using `--detection-depth` and exclude directories and files using `--exclude`.

### CocoaPods options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: false

### Python options

- `--command`=<COMMAND>:
  Indicate which specific Python commands to use based on Python version. The default is `python` which executes your systems default python version. Run 'python -V' to find out what version is it. If you are using multiple Python versions, use this parameter to specify the correct Python command for execution.

  Default: `python`
  Example: `--command=python3`

- `--skip-unresolved`=true|false:
  Allow skipping packages that are not found in the environment.

Commit message:

docs: target ref only works with snyk open source

help/commands-docs/_SNYK_COMMAND_OPTIONS.md, after:

## OPTIONS

To see command-specific flags and usage, see `help` command, e.g. `snyk container --help`.
For advanced usage, we offer language and context specific flags, listed further down this document.

- `--all-projects`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Auto-detect all projects in working directory

- `--detection-depth`=<DEPTH>:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Use with --all-projects or --yarn-workspaces to indicate how many sub-directories to search. `DEPTH` must be a number.

  Default: 4 (the current working directory and 3 sub-directories)

- `--exclude`=<DIRECTORY>[,<DIRECTORY>]...>:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Can be used with --all-projects and --yarn-workspaces to indicate sub-directories and files to exclude. Must be comma separated.

  If using with `--detection-depth` exclude ignores directories at any level deep.

- `--prune-repeated-subdependencies`, `-p`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Prune dependency trees, removing duplicate sub-dependencies.
  Will still find all vulnerabilities, but potentially not all of the vulnerable paths.

- `--print-deps`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Print the dependency tree before sending it for analysis.

- `--remote-repo-url`=<URL>:
  Set or override the remote URL for the repository that you would like to monitor.

- `--dev`:
  Include development-only dependencies. Applicable only for some package managers. E.g. _devDependencies_ in npm or _:development_ dependencies in Gemfile.

  Default: scan only production dependencies

- `--org`=<ORG_NAME>:
  Specify the <ORG_NAME> to run Snyk commands tied to a specific organization. This will influence where will new projects be created after running `monitor` command, some features availability and private tests limits.
  If you have multiple organizations, you can set a default from the CLI using:

  `$ snyk config set org`=<ORG_NAME>

  Setting a default will ensure all newly monitored projects will be created
  under your default organization. If you need to override the default, you can use the `--org`=<ORG_NAME> argument.

  Default: uses <ORG_NAME> that sets as default in your [Account settings](https://app.snyk.io/account)

- `--file`=<FILE>:
  Sets a package file.

  When testing locally or monitoring a project, you can specify the file that Snyk should inspect for package information. When ommitted Snyk will try to detect the appropriate file for your project.

- `--ignore-policy`:
  Ignores all set policies. The current policy in `.snyk` file, Org level ignores and the project policy on snyk.io.

- `--trust-policies`:
  Applies and uses ignore rules from your dependencies' Snyk policies, otherwise ignore policies are only shown as a suggestion.

- `--show-vulnerable-paths`=none|some|all:
  Display the dependency paths from the top level dependencies, down to the vulnerable packages. Doesn't affect output when using JSON `--json` output.

  Default: <some> (a few example paths shown)
  <false> is an alias for <none>.

- `--project-name`=<PROJECT_NAME>:
  Specify a custom Snyk project name.

- `--target-reference`=<TARGET_REFERENCE>:
  A reference which differentiates this project. For example, a branch name or version. Projects using the same reference can be used for grouping. Only supported for Snyk Open Source. [More information](https://snyk.info/3B0vTPs).

- `--project-environment`=<ENVIRONMENT>[,<ENVIRONMENT>]...>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  Set the project environment to one or more values (comma-separated). Allowed values: frontend, backend, internal, external, mobile, saas, onprem, hosted, distributed

- `--project-lifecycle`=<LIFECYCLE>[,<LIFECYCLE>]...>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  Set the project lifecycle to one or more values (comma-separated). Allowed values: production, development, sandbox

- `--project-business-criticality`=<BUSINESS_CRITICALITY>[,<BUSINESS_CRITICALITY>]...>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  Set the project business criticality to one or more values (comma-separated). Allowed values: critical, high, medium, low

- `--project-tags`=<TAG>[,<TAG>]...>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  Set the project tags to one or more values (comma-separated key value pairs with an "=" separator). e.g. --project-tags=department=finance,team=alpha

- `--tags`=<TAG>[,<TAG>]...>:
  This is an alias for --project-tags.

- `--policy-path`=<PATH_TO_POLICY_FILE>`:
  Manually pass a path to a snyk policy file.

- `--json`:
  Prints results in JSON format.

- `--json-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in JSON format directly to the specified file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--json` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the JSON format output to a file.

- `--sarif`:
  Return results in SARIF format.

- `--sarif-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in SARIF format directly to the <OUTPUT_FILE_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.

- `--severity-threshold`=low|medium|high|critical:
  Only report vulnerabilities of provided level or higher.

- `--fail-on`=all|upgradable|patchable:
  Only fail when there are vulnerabilities that can be fixed.

  <all> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be either upgraded or patched.
  <upgradable> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be upgraded.
  <patchable> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be patched.

  If vulnerabilities do not have a fix and this option is being used, tests will pass.

- `--dry-run`:
  (only in `protect` command)
  Don't apply updates or patches during `protect` command run.

- `--` \[<COMPILER_OPTIONS>\]:
  Pass extra arguments directly to Gradle or Maven.
  E.g. `snyk test -- --build-cache`

Below are flags that are influencing CLI behavior for specific projects, languages and contexts:

### Maven options

- `--scan-all-unmanaged`:
  Auto detects maven jars, aars, and wars in given directory. Individual testing can be done with `--file`=<JAR_FILE_NAME>

- `--reachable`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Analyze your source code to find which vulnerable
  functions and packages are called.

- `--reachable-timeout`=<TIMEOUT>:
  The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for Snyk to gather reachability data. If it takes longer than <TIMEOUT>, Reachable Vulnerabilities are not reported. This does not affect regular test or monitor output.

  Default: 300 (5 minutes).

### Gradle options

[More information about Gradle CLI options](https://snyk.co/ucT6P)

- `--sub-project`=<NAME>, `--gradle-sub-project`=<NAME>:
  For Gradle "multi project" configurations, test a specific sub-project.

- `--all-sub-projects`:
  For "multi project" configurations, test all sub-projects.

- `--configuration-matching`=<CONFIGURATION_REGEX>:
  Resolve dependencies using only configuration(s) that match the provided Java regular expression, e.g. `^releaseRuntimeClasspath$`.

- `--configuration-attributes`=<ATTRIBUTE>[,<ATTRIBUTE>]...:
  Select certain values of configuration attributes to resolve the dependencies. E.g. `buildtype:release,usage:java-runtime`

- `--reachable`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Analyze your source code to find which vulnerable
  functions and packages are called.

- `--reachable-timeout`=<TIMEOUT>:
  The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for Snyk to gather reachability data. If it takes longer than <TIMEOUT>, Reachable Vulnerabilities are not reported. This does not affect regular test or monitor output.

  Default: 300 (5 minutes).

- `--init-script`=<FILE>
  For projects that contain a gradle initialization script.

### .Net & NuGet options

- `--assets-project-name`:
  When monitoring a .NET project using NuGet `PackageReference` use the project name in project.assets.json, if found.

- `--packages-folder`:
  Custom path to packages folder

- `--project-name-prefix`=<PREFIX_STRING>:
  When monitoring a .NET project, use this flag to add a custom prefix to the name of files inside a project along with any desired separators, e.g. `snyk monitor --file=my-project.sln --project-name-prefix=my-group/`. This is useful when you have multiple projects with the same name in other sln files.

### npm options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: true

### Yarn options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: true

- `--yarn-workspaces`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Detect and scan yarn workspaces. You can specify how many sub-directories to search using `--detection-depth` and exclude directories and files using `--exclude`.

### CocoaPods options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: false

### Python options

- `--command`=<COMMAND>:
  Indicate which specific Python commands to use based on Python version. The default is `python` which executes your systems default python version. Run 'python -V' to find out what version is it. If you are using multiple Python versions, use this parameter to specify the correct Python command for execution.

  Default: `python`
  Example: `--command=python3`

- `--skip-unresolved`=true|false:
  Allow skipping packages that are not found in the environment.
