help/commands-md/snyk.md, before:

# snyk(1) -- CLI and build-time tool to find & fix known vulnerabilities in open-source dependencies

## SYNOPSIS

`snyk` \[<COMMAND>] \[<SUBCOMMAND>] \[<OPTIONS>] \[<PACKAGE>] \[-- <COMPILER_OPTIONS>]

## DESCRIPTION

Snyk helps you find, fix and monitor known vulnerabilities in open source dependencies.<br />
For more information see https://snyk.io

### Not sure where to start?

1. authenticate with `$ snyk auth`
2. test your local project with `$ snyk test`
3. get alerted for new vulnerabilities with `$ snyk monitor`

## COMMANDS

To see command-specific flags and usage, see `help` command, e.g. `snyk container --help`.
Available top-level CLI commands:

- `auth` \[<API_TOKEN>\]:
  Authenticate Snyk CLI with a Snyk account.

- `test`:
  Test local project for vulnerabilities.

- `monitor`:
  Snapshot and continuously monitor your project.

- `container`:
  Test container images for vulnerabilities. See `snyk container --help` for full instructions.

- `iac`:
  Find security issues in your Infrastructure as Code files. See `snyk iac --help` for full instructions.

- `code`:
  Find security issues using static code analysis. See `snyk code --help` for full instructions.

- `config`:
  Manage Snyk CLI configuration.

- `protect`:
  Applies the patches specified in your .snyk file to the local file system.

- `policy`:
  Display the .snyk policy for a package.

- `ignore`:
  Modifies the .snyk policy to ignore stated issues.

- `wizard`:
  Configure your policy file to update, auto patch and ignore vulnerabilities. Snyk wizard updates your .snyk file.


## OPTIONS

To see command-specific flags and usage, see `help` command, e.g. `snyk container --help`.
For advanced usage, we offer language and context specific flags, listed further down this document.

- `--all-projects`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Auto-detect all projects in working directory

- `--detection-depth`=<DEPTH>:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Use with --all-projects or --yarn-workspaces to indicate how many sub-directories to search. `DEPTH` must be a number.

  Default: 4 (the current working directory and 3 sub-directories)

- `--exclude`=<DIRECTORY>[,<DIRECTORY>]...>:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Can be used with --all-projects and --yarn-workspaces to indicate sub-directories and files to exclude. Must be comma separated.

  If using with `--detection-depth` exclude ignores directories at any level deep.

- `--prune-repeated-subdependencies`, `-p`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Prune dependency trees, removing duplicate sub-dependencies.
  Will still find all vulnerabilities, but potentially not all of the vulnerable paths.

- `--print-deps`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Print the dependency tree before sending it for analysis.

- `--remote-repo-url`=<URL>:
  Set or override the remote URL for the repository that you would like to monitor.

- `--dev`:
  Include development-only dependencies. Applicable only for some package managers. E.g. _devDependencies_ in npm or _:development_ dependencies in Gemfile.

  Default: scan only production dependencies

- `--org`=<ORG_NAME>:
  Specify the <ORG_NAME> to run Snyk commands tied to a specific organization. This will influence where will new projects be created after running `monitor` command, some features availability and private tests limits.
  If you have multiple organizations, you can set a default from the CLI using:

  `$ snyk config set org`=<ORG_NAME>

  Setting a default will ensure all newly monitored projects will be created
  under your default organization. If you need to override the default, you can use the `--org`=<ORG_NAME> argument.

  Default: uses <ORG_NAME> that sets as default in your [Account settings](https://app.snyk.io/account)

- `--file`=<FILE>:
  Sets a package file.

  When testing locally or monitoring a project, you can specify the file that Snyk should inspect for package information. When ommitted Snyk will try to detect the appropriate file for your project.

- `--ignore-policy`:
  Ignores all set policies. The current policy in `.snyk` file, Org level ignores and the project policy on snyk.io.

- `--trust-policies`:
  Applies and uses ignore rules from your dependencies' Snyk policies, otherwise ignore policies are only shown as a suggestion.

- `--show-vulnerable-paths`=none|some|all:
  Display the dependency paths from the top level dependencies, down to the vulnerable packages. Doesn't affect output when using JSON `--json` output.

  Default: <some> (a few example paths shown)
  <false> is an alias for <none>.

- `--project-name`=<PROJECT_NAME>:
  Specify a custom Snyk project name.

- `--policy-path`=<PATH_TO_POLICY_FILE>`:
  Manually pass a path to a snyk policy file.

- `--json`:
  Prints results in JSON format.

- `--json-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in JSON format directly to the specified file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--json` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the JSON format output to a file.

- `--sarif`:
  Return results in SARIF format.

- `--sarif-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in SARIF format directly to the <OUTPUT_FILE_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.

- `--severity-threshold`=low|medium|high|critical:
  Only report vulnerabilities of provided level or higher.

- `--fail-on`=all|upgradable|patchable:
  Only fail when there are vulnerabilities that can be fixed.

  <all> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be either upgraded or patched.
  <upgradable> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be upgraded.
  <patchable> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be patched.

  If vulnerabilities do not have a fix and this option is being used, tests will pass.

- `--dry-run`:
  (only in `protect` command)
  Don't apply updates or patches during `protect` command run.

- `--` \[<COMPILER_OPTIONS>\]:
  Pass extra arguments directly to Gradle or Maven.
  E.g. `snyk test -- --build-cache`

Below are flags that are influencing CLI behavior for specific projects, languages and contexts:

### Maven options

- `--scan-all-unmanaged`:
  Auto detects maven jars, aars, and wars in given directory. Individual testing can be done with `--file`=<JAR_FILE_NAME>

- `--reachable`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Analyze your source code to find which vulnerable
  functions and packages are called.

- `--reachable-timeout`=<TIMEOUT>:
  The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for Snyk to gather reachability data. If it takes longer than <TIMEOUT>, Reachable Vulnerabilities are not reported. This does not affect regular test or monitor output.

  Default: 300 (5 minutes).

### Gradle options

[More information about Gradle CLI options](https://snyk.co/ucT6P)

- `--sub-project`=<NAME>, `--gradle-sub-project`=<NAME>:
  For Gradle "multi project" configurations, test a specific sub-project.

- `--all-sub-projects`:
  For "multi project" configurations, test all sub-projects.

- `--configuration-matching`=<CONFIGURATION_REGEX>:
  Resolve dependencies using only configuration(s) that match the provided Java regular expression, e.g. `^releaseRuntimeClasspath$`.

- `--configuration-attributes`=<ATTRIBUTE>[,<ATTRIBUTE>]...:
  Select certain values of configuration attributes to resolve the dependencies. E.g. `buildtype:release,usage:java-runtime`

- `--reachable`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Analyze your source code to find which vulnerable
  functions and packages are called.

- `--reachable-timeout`=<TIMEOUT>:
  The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for Snyk to gather reachability data. If it takes longer than <TIMEOUT>, Reachable Vulnerabilities are not reported. This does not affect regular test or monitor output.

  Default: 300 (5 minutes).

- `--init-script`=<FILE>
  For projects that contain a gradle initialization script.

### .Net & NuGet options

- `--assets-project-name`:
  When monitoring a .NET project using NuGet `PackageReference` use the project name in project.assets.json, if found.

- `--packages-folder`:
  Custom path to packages folder

- `--project-name-prefix`=<PREFIX_STRING>:
  When monitoring a .NET project, use this flag to add a custom prefix to the name of files inside a project along with any desired separators, e.g. `snyk monitor --file=my-project.sln --project-name-prefix=my-group/`. This is useful when you have multiple projects with the same name in other sln files.

### npm options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: true

### Yarn options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: true

- `--yarn-workspaces`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Detect and scan yarn workspaces. You can specify how many sub-directories to search using `--detection-depth` and exclude directories and files using `--exclude`.

### CocoaPods options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: false

### Python options

- `--command`=<COMMAND>:
  Indicate which specific Python commands to use based on Python version. The default is `python` which executes your systems default python version. Run 'python -V' to find out what version is it. If you are using multiple Python versions, use this parameter to specify the correct Python command for execution.

  Default: `python`
  Example: `--command=python3`

- `--skip-unresolved`=true|false:
  Allow skipping packages that are not found in the environment.

### Flags available accross all commands

- `--insecure`:
  Ignore unknown certificate authorities.

- `-d`:
  Output debug logs.

- `--quiet`, `-q`:
  Silence all output.

- `--version`, `-v`:
  Prints versions.

- \[<COMMAND>\] `--help`, `--help` \[<COMMAND>\], `-h`:
  Prints a help text. You may specify a <COMMAND> to get more details.


## EXAMPLES

- `Authenticate in your CI without user interaction`:
  \$ snyk auth MY_API_TOKEN
- `Test a project in current folder for known vulnerabilities`:
  \$ snyk test
- `Test a specific dependency for vulnerabilities`:
  \$ snyk test ionic@1.6.5

More examples:

    $ snyk test --show-vulnerable-paths=false
    $ snyk monitor --org=my-team
    $ snyk monitor --project-name=my-project

### Container scanning

See `snyk container --help` for more details and examples:

    $ snyk container test ubuntu:18.04 --org=my-team
    $ snyk container test app:latest --file=Dockerfile --policy-path=path/to/.snyk

### Infrastructure as Code (IAC) scanning

See `snyk iac --help` for more details and examples:

    $ snyk iac test /path/to/cloudformation_file.yaml
    $ snyk iac test /path/to/kubernetes_file.yaml
    $ snyk iac test /path/to/terraform_file.tf
    $ snyk iac test /path/to/tf-plan.json

### Static code analysis (SAST) scanning

See `snyk code --help` for more details and examples:

    $ snyk code test /path/to/project


## EXIT CODES

Possible exit codes and their meaning:

**0**: success, no vulns found<br />
**1**: action_needed, vulns found<br />
**2**: failure, try to re-run command<br />
**3**: failure, no supported projects detected<br />


## ENVIRONMENT

You can set these environment variables to change CLI run settings.

- `SNYK_TOKEN`:
  Snyk authorization token. Setting this envvar will override the token that may be available in your `snyk config` settings.

  [How to get your account token](https://snyk.co/ucT6J)<br />
  [How to use Service Accounts](https://snyk.co/ucT6L)<br />

- `SNYK_CFG_KEY`:
  Allows you to override any key that's also available as `snyk config` option.

  E.g. `SNYK_CFG_ORG`=myorg will override default org option in `config` with "myorg".

- `SNYK_REGISTRY_USERNAME`:
  Specify a username to use when connecting to a container registry. Note that using the `--username` flag will
  override this value. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.

- `SNYK_REGISTRY_PASSWORD`:
  Specify a password to use when connecting to a container registry. Note that using the `--password` flag will
  override this value. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.

## Connecting to Snyk API

By default Snyk CLI will connect to `https://snyk.io/api/v1`.

- `SNYK_API`:
  Sets API host to use for Snyk requests. Useful for on-premise instances and configuring proxies. If set with `http` protocol CLI will upgrade the requests to `https`. Unless `SNYK_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UPGRADE` is set to `0`.

- `SNYK_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UPGRADE`=0:
  If set to the value of `0`, API requests aimed at `http` URLs will not be upgraded to `https`. If not set, the default behavior will be to upgrade these requests from `http` to `https`. Useful e.g., for reverse proxies.

- `HTTPS_PROXY` and `HTTP_PROXY`:
  Allows you to specify a proxy to use for `https` and `http` calls. The `https` in the `HTTPS_PROXY` means that _requests using `https` protocol_ will use this proxy. The proxy itself doesn't need to use `https`.


## NOTICES

### Snyk API usage policy

The use of Snyk's API, whether through the use of the 'snyk' npm package or otherwise, is subject to the [terms & conditions](https://snyk.co/ucT6N)

Commit message:

docs: add help for --target-reference

help/commands-md/snyk.md, after:

# snyk(1) -- CLI and build-time tool to find & fix known vulnerabilities in open-source dependencies

## SYNOPSIS

`snyk` \[<COMMAND>] \[<SUBCOMMAND>] \[<OPTIONS>] \[<PACKAGE>] \[-- <COMPILER_OPTIONS>]

## DESCRIPTION

Snyk helps you find, fix and monitor known vulnerabilities in open source dependencies.<br />
For more information see https://snyk.io

### Not sure where to start?

1. authenticate with `$ snyk auth`
2. test your local project with `$ snyk test`
3. get alerted for new vulnerabilities with `$ snyk monitor`

## COMMANDS

To see command-specific flags and usage, see `help` command, e.g. `snyk container --help`.
Available top-level CLI commands:

- `auth` \[<API_TOKEN>\]:
  Authenticate Snyk CLI with a Snyk account.

- `test`:
  Test local project for vulnerabilities.

- `monitor`:
  Snapshot and continuously monitor your project.

- `container`:
  Test container images for vulnerabilities. See `snyk container --help` for full instructions.

- `iac`:
  Find security issues in your Infrastructure as Code files. See `snyk iac --help` for full instructions.

- `code`:
  Find security issues using static code analysis. See `snyk code --help` for full instructions.

- `config`:
  Manage Snyk CLI configuration.

- `protect`:
  Applies the patches specified in your .snyk file to the local file system.

- `policy`:
  Display the .snyk policy for a package.

- `ignore`:
  Modifies the .snyk policy to ignore stated issues.

- `wizard`:
  Configure your policy file to update, auto patch and ignore vulnerabilities. Snyk wizard updates your .snyk file.


## OPTIONS

To see command-specific flags and usage, see `help` command, e.g. `snyk container --help`.
For advanced usage, we offer language and context specific flags, listed further down this document.

- `--all-projects`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Auto-detect all projects in working directory

- `--detection-depth`=<DEPTH>:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Use with --all-projects or --yarn-workspaces to indicate how many sub-directories to search. `DEPTH` must be a number.

  Default: 4 (the current working directory and 3 sub-directories)

- `--exclude`=<DIRECTORY>[,<DIRECTORY>]...>:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Can be used with --all-projects and --yarn-workspaces to indicate sub-directories and files to exclude. Must be comma separated.

  If using with `--detection-depth` exclude ignores directories at any level deep.

- `--prune-repeated-subdependencies`, `-p`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Prune dependency trees, removing duplicate sub-dependencies.
  Will still find all vulnerabilities, but potentially not all of the vulnerable paths.

- `--print-deps`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Print the dependency tree before sending it for analysis.

- `--remote-repo-url`=<URL>:
  Set or override the remote URL for the repository that you would like to monitor.

- `--dev`:
  Include development-only dependencies. Applicable only for some package managers. E.g. _devDependencies_ in npm or _:development_ dependencies in Gemfile.

  Default: scan only production dependencies

- `--org`=<ORG_NAME>:
  Specify the <ORG_NAME> to run Snyk commands tied to a specific organization. This will influence where will new projects be created after running `monitor` command, some features availability and private tests limits.
  If you have multiple organizations, you can set a default from the CLI using:

  `$ snyk config set org`=<ORG_NAME>

  Setting a default will ensure all newly monitored projects will be created
  under your default organization. If you need to override the default, you can use the `--org`=<ORG_NAME> argument.

  Default: uses <ORG_NAME> that sets as default in your [Account settings](https://app.snyk.io/account)

- `--file`=<FILE>:
  Sets a package file.

  When testing locally or monitoring a project, you can specify the file that Snyk should inspect for package information. When ommitted Snyk will try to detect the appropriate file for your project.

- `--ignore-policy`:
  Ignores all set policies. The current policy in `.snyk` file, Org level ignores and the project policy on snyk.io.

- `--trust-policies`:
  Applies and uses ignore rules from your dependencies' Snyk policies, otherwise ignore policies are only shown as a suggestion.

- `--show-vulnerable-paths`=none|some|all:
  Display the dependency paths from the top level dependencies, down to the vulnerable packages. Doesn't affect output when using JSON `--json` output.

  Default: <some> (a few example paths shown)
  <false> is an alias for <none>.

- `--project-name`=<PROJECT_NAME>:
  Specify a custom Snyk project name.

- `--target-reference`=<TARGET_REFERENCE>:
  (only in `monitor` command)
  A reference to separate this project from other scans of the same project. For example, a branch name or version. Projects using the same reference can be used for grouping. [More information](https://snyk.info/3B0vTPs).

- `--policy-path`=<PATH_TO_POLICY_FILE>`:
  Manually pass a path to a snyk policy file.

- `--json`:
  Prints results in JSON format.

- `--json-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in JSON format directly to the specified file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--json` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the JSON format output to a file.

- `--sarif`:
  Return results in SARIF format.

- `--sarif-file-output`=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>:
  (only in `test` command)
  Save test output in SARIF format directly to the <OUTPUT_FILE_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.
  This is especially useful if you want to display the human-readable test output via stdout and at the same time save the SARIF format output to a file.

- `--severity-threshold`=low|medium|high|critical:
  Only report vulnerabilities of provided level or higher.

- `--fail-on`=all|upgradable|patchable:
  Only fail when there are vulnerabilities that can be fixed.

  <all> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be either upgraded or patched.
  <upgradable> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be upgraded.
  <patchable> fails when there is at least one vulnerability that can be patched.

  If vulnerabilities do not have a fix and this option is being used, tests will pass.

- `--dry-run`:
  (only in `protect` command)
  Don't apply updates or patches during `protect` command run.

- `--` \[<COMPILER_OPTIONS>\]:
  Pass extra arguments directly to Gradle or Maven.
  E.g. `snyk test -- --build-cache`

Below are flags that are influencing CLI behavior for specific projects, languages and contexts:

### Maven options

- `--scan-all-unmanaged`:
  Auto detects maven jars, aars, and wars in given directory. Individual testing can be done with `--file`=<JAR_FILE_NAME>

- `--reachable`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Analyze your source code to find which vulnerable
  functions and packages are called.

- `--reachable-timeout`=<TIMEOUT>:
  The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for Snyk to gather reachability data. If it takes longer than <TIMEOUT>, Reachable Vulnerabilities are not reported. This does not affect regular test or monitor output.

  Default: 300 (5 minutes).

### Gradle options

[More information about Gradle CLI options](https://snyk.co/ucT6P)

- `--sub-project`=<NAME>, `--gradle-sub-project`=<NAME>:
  For Gradle "multi project" configurations, test a specific sub-project.

- `--all-sub-projects`:
  For "multi project" configurations, test all sub-projects.

- `--configuration-matching`=<CONFIGURATION_REGEX>:
  Resolve dependencies using only configuration(s) that match the provided Java regular expression, e.g. `^releaseRuntimeClasspath$`.

- `--configuration-attributes`=<ATTRIBUTE>[,<ATTRIBUTE>]...:
  Select certain values of configuration attributes to resolve the dependencies. E.g. `buildtype:release,usage:java-runtime`

- `--reachable`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Analyze your source code to find which vulnerable
  functions and packages are called.

- `--reachable-timeout`=<TIMEOUT>:
  The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for Snyk to gather reachability data. If it takes longer than <TIMEOUT>, Reachable Vulnerabilities are not reported. This does not affect regular test or monitor output.

  Default: 300 (5 minutes).

- `--init-script`=<FILE>
  For projects that contain a gradle initialization script.

### .Net & NuGet options

- `--assets-project-name`:
  When monitoring a .NET project using NuGet `PackageReference` use the project name in project.assets.json, if found.

- `--packages-folder`:
  Custom path to packages folder

- `--project-name-prefix`=<PREFIX_STRING>:
  When monitoring a .NET project, use this flag to add a custom prefix to the name of files inside a project along with any desired separators, e.g. `snyk monitor --file=my-project.sln --project-name-prefix=my-group/`. This is useful when you have multiple projects with the same name in other sln files.

### npm options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: true

### Yarn options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: true

- `--yarn-workspaces`:
  (only in `test` and `monitor` commands)
  Detect and scan yarn workspaces. You can specify how many sub-directories to search using `--detection-depth` and exclude directories and files using `--exclude`.

### CocoaPods options

- `--strict-out-of-sync`=true|false:
  Control testing out of sync lockfiles.

  Default: false

### Python options

- `--command`=<COMMAND>:
  Indicate which specific Python commands to use based on Python version. The default is `python` which executes your systems default python version. Run 'python -V' to find out what version is it. If you are using multiple Python versions, use this parameter to specify the correct Python command for execution.

  Default: `python`
  Example: `--command=python3`

- `--skip-unresolved`=true|false:
  Allow skipping packages that are not found in the environment.

### Flags available accross all commands

- `--insecure`:
  Ignore unknown certificate authorities.

- `-d`:
  Output debug logs.

- `--quiet`, `-q`:
  Silence all output.

- `--version`, `-v`:
  Prints versions.

- \[<COMMAND>\] `--help`, `--help` \[<COMMAND>\], `-h`:
  Prints a help text. You may specify a <COMMAND> to get more details.


## EXAMPLES

- `Authenticate in your CI without user interaction`:
  \$ snyk auth MY_API_TOKEN
- `Test a project in current folder for known vulnerabilities`:
  \$ snyk test
- `Test a specific dependency for vulnerabilities`:
  \$ snyk test ionic@1.6.5

More examples:

    $ snyk test --show-vulnerable-paths=false
    $ snyk monitor --org=my-team
    $ snyk monitor --project-name=my-project

### Container scanning

See `snyk container --help` for more details and examples:

    $ snyk container test ubuntu:18.04 --org=my-team
    $ snyk container test app:latest --file=Dockerfile --policy-path=path/to/.snyk

### Infrastructure as Code (IAC) scanning

See `snyk iac --help` for more details and examples:

    $ snyk iac test /path/to/cloudformation_file.yaml
    $ snyk iac test /path/to/kubernetes_file.yaml
    $ snyk iac test /path/to/terraform_file.tf
    $ snyk iac test /path/to/tf-plan.json

### Static code analysis (SAST) scanning

See `snyk code --help` for more details and examples:

    $ snyk code test /path/to/project


## EXIT CODES

Possible exit codes and their meaning:

**0**: success, no vulns found<br />
**1**: action_needed, vulns found<br />
**2**: failure, try to re-run command<br />
**3**: failure, no supported projects detected<br />


## ENVIRONMENT

You can set these environment variables to change CLI run settings.

- `SNYK_TOKEN`:
  Snyk authorization token. Setting this envvar will override the token that may be available in your `snyk config` settings.

  [How to get your account token](https://snyk.co/ucT6J)<br />
  [How to use Service Accounts](https://snyk.co/ucT6L)<br />

- `SNYK_CFG_KEY`:
  Allows you to override any key that's also available as `snyk config` option.

  E.g. `SNYK_CFG_ORG`=myorg will override default org option in `config` with "myorg".

- `SNYK_REGISTRY_USERNAME`:
  Specify a username to use when connecting to a container registry. Note that using the `--username` flag will
  override this value. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.

- `SNYK_REGISTRY_PASSWORD`:
  Specify a password to use when connecting to a container registry. Note that using the `--password` flag will
  override this value. This will be ignored in favour of local Docker binary credentials when Docker is present.

## Connecting to Snyk API

By default Snyk CLI will connect to `https://snyk.io/api/v1`.

- `SNYK_API`:
  Sets API host to use for Snyk requests. Useful for on-premise instances and configuring proxies. If set with `http` protocol CLI will upgrade the requests to `https`. Unless `SNYK_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UPGRADE` is set to `0`.

- `SNYK_HTTP_PROTOCOL_UPGRADE`=0:
  If set to the value of `0`, API requests aimed at `http` URLs will not be upgraded to `https`. If not set, the default behavior will be to upgrade these requests from `http` to `https`. Useful e.g., for reverse proxies.

- `HTTPS_PROXY` and `HTTP_PROXY`:
  Allows you to specify a proxy to use for `https` and `http` calls. The `https` in the `HTTPS_PROXY` means that _requests using `https` protocol_ will use this proxy. The proxy itself doesn't need to use `https`.


## NOTICES

### Snyk API usage policy

The use of Snyk's API, whether through the use of the 'snyk' npm package or otherwise, is subject to the [terms & conditions](https://snyk.co/ucT6N)
